Shawn Phalen: Can you hear me okay
Sydney Kent: Yeah. Can you hear me. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: How are you, how's everything going
Sydney Kent: Pretty good.
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: What do you want to go over today, anything
Sydney Kent: Um, yeah, actually, I kind of wanted over like my moods.
Sydney Kent: Um,
Sydney Kent: I honestly don't even know if I'm bipolar or if the meds are working
Sydney Kent: Because I've been on and off meds for my whole life.
Sydney Kent: I'm nothing that seemed to work.
Sydney Kent: Have you talked to the doctor.
Sydney Kent: Ah, not recently.
Okay, what are you taking what are you taking right now.
Sydney Kent: Mitchell.
Sydney Kent: And circle.
And who's prescribing that
Sydney Kent: Dr. Gibson COO.
Sydney Kent: Mission.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. So, when was the last time you spoke to Dr. Jamison
Sydney Kent: Last Wednesday.
Okay. Did you mention it to her.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, she told me this week to marry me.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Have you made an appointment. Yeah, I have one coming up. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So yeah, she's gonna be the one that's gonna you're gonna want to talk to you about meds.
Shawn Phalen: Okay yeah cuz I'm not a prescriber what's going on, though, you're depressed.
Sydney Kent: I'm just my list.
Sydney Kent: You know there's up and down throughout the day. I mean, yeah, I guess.
What I mean what do you do when you get to press
Sydney Kent: guitar, piano
Like, you know, I mean, how's everything else going. I know it's kind of a tough time with
This virus and
Sydney Kent: Look,
Shawn Phalen: Did you
Did you want to have individual counseling with me.
Sydney Kent: Um, yeah, I did.
Okay.
Do you feel like it would be better if you had it. Maybe it's just like once a month, like as things came up, then you could talk or like
Sydney Kent: Like you know
Sydney Kent: Maybe it would be better to get stabilized on your meds. I don't know. Yeah, because it would it would be better for you, like if you had things that you wanted to go for
Like step that's that's kind of it like pressing, you know, stuff that you want to try and work through like some goals and all that kind of stuff. So that might give you some time to think about like what would work for you. What would be beneficial.
Sydney Kent: Does that make sense. Yeah. Does that sound right to you or I mean do you have other stuff. You want to talk about
No, no.
Sydney Kent: I'm going to say that how it's so weird, because like I have things I want to talk to. And then when like it comes to the point in like, I can't, I can't even think
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So maybe something you can do is write them down.
Sydney Kent: Right, like just make a list of stuff.
Like even if you just think it's small, doesn't matter.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So then that way the session can be really productive for you because I don't know what you want to talk about. You know what I mean, it's like, um,
Sydney Kent: I just know
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, you know, it's like I can only
Shawn Phalen: It's. It doesn't make sense for me to like kind of ask you a million questions because I don't know, doing I'm going to be asking right
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I mean, it's just because this is your
Shawn Phalen: This is for you. This is your time.
Sydney Kent: I'm actually, I'm not. I think of it.
Sydney Kent: Um, I kind of wanted like a talk about, like, um,
Sydney Kent: So I have a hard time like
Sydney Kent: I said, It's like saying things with and I come off as like
Sydney Kent: Like irritated or something and I kind of want to work on that. Like saying things a different way. I'm excited.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so how do you say things that sound irritating. Why do you think that is
Sydney Kent: Um,
Sydney Kent: Well, I mean earlier.
Sydney Kent: You know, I was a
Sydney Kent: I open the
Sydney Kent: Open to the door and I for the neighbor. Oh, I can hear myself.
Sydney Kent: And I said that we were getting ready to go to store and I don't know just
Sydney Kent: Sometimes it just comes out like a guarantee.
Shawn Phalen: Do you think, do you think that's because of your mood right now.
Sydney Kent: Or I mean I
Sydney Kent: Mean, it could be. It's always
Shawn Phalen: It was always been like that.
Sydney Kent: Do you feel like you're unfriendly towards people know I just our social relationships, just kind of
Sydney Kent: Weird
Sydney Kent: What do you think you are the weird
Sydney Kent: I guess I'm like a more to myself. I'm not a social kind of person. Okay, so that's different than being irritated with people. There's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with being to yourself.
Shawn Phalen: So it's kind of like you got to ask yourself, Why are you kind of rude to people.
Like, what do you think that is
Sydney Kent: That's it's no
Sydney Kent: It's probably just my thought process like you just want to be left alone.
Sydney Kent: Yeah, I guess I like kind of comes off, like maybe the foot, you know, like, you know, but I guess I just need to learn how to safety.
Sydney Kent: Without
Sydney Kent: Even when I'm not irritating, you know, phrase, you're like I was talking about earlier. I'm even as well not irritated, like I'm gonna be able
Sydney Kent: To respond to someone
Sydney Kent: And not come off like that.
Sydney Kent: Oh no, have you practice being nicer to people, have you made an effort to be nicer. Oh yeah, and does it work.
Shawn Phalen: So might just be, you know, being really aware
Before you say something
Shawn Phalen: Being aware of how you want it to come out and how you want it to sound.
Sydney Kent: I'm sorry.
Shawn Phalen: Say that again.
What's the matter, what's wrong, tell me what's going on.
Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Awkward day
Sydney Kent: You know why.
Sydney Kent: No, I don't.
Sydney Kent: Know, it goes back to my mirror kind of thing. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Are you having crying jags throughout the day.
Sydney Kent: What does that mean, like,
Shawn Phalen: Do you find yourself crying like throughout the day and you don't know why.
Sydney Kent: No.
Sydney Kent: I mean, it's like it's like, I don't know, because I asked him that happened. It was the other day and I was like, no, you know, talk to my girlfriend and her mom so norm, like this is socially awkward and like start crying was
Sydney Kent: Kind of weird.
Sydney Kent: I don't, I don't know.
Sydney Kent: Have you experienced social anxiety in the past. Yeah.
So I'm wondering if it will got kind of weird because I was like kind of asking you questions. Do you think that that was maybe had something to do with it.
Sydney Kent: I'm not sure.
Sydney Kent: hard time identifying yeah yeah the time
Yeah.
And it's always been like that.
Have you thought about why
Sydney Kent: It happens.
Like why you have a hard time identifying your feelings.
Sydney Kent: Um,
Sydney Kent: I don't know if it like I thought about it a few times and
Sydney Kent: You know, sometimes I like
Sydney Kent: How you how you say like a
Sydney Kent: Like so. Okay. So say, for instance, I was with friends or whatever and someone, someone was feeling sad and I I feel sad and it's like it's a mix of emotions. I don't, I can't cry myself.
Shawn Phalen: Hmm. So when somebody else's feeling sad. Do you feel sad with them.
Mm hmm.
Shawn Phalen: With has it. Was it like that when you were growing up, we the same way.
Yeah.
Sydney Kent: I just become more aware that it's not me. That's feeling like that right like gonna
Sydney Kent: Say it again. Yeah, so it's somebody
When somebody said New Year's a separate person and you don't have to be sat with them.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Sydney Kent: So, how to ground myself.
Sydney Kent: Like an older note of emotions and
Sydney Kent: I don't even know.
Sydney Kent: Have you ever worked with a therapist before
Sydney Kent: It's been a long time.
Shawn Phalen: And and when he saw a therapist. Remember what you worked on when you worked with our therapists.
Sydney Kent: Um, we started to work on trauma before I left.
Sydney Kent: That as a child, it was kind of like a force name so
Sydney Kent: I'm
Sydney Kent: It's kind of I kind of talked about
Shawn Phalen: Say that again. I didn't
Sydney Kent: It's kind of hard to recall we talked about. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So did you see her, because for trauma for trauma work.
Yeah, and we do, how do you remember hold your
Sydney Kent: I was about 60
So is it trauma from childhood.
Sydney Kent: Yeah.
Yeah.
And what happened, remind me what happened.
Sydney Kent: Um, my mom had passed away in
Sydney Kent: Pretty much left me and my brother.
Sydney Kent: Or drugs.
Sydney Kent: For a guy she passed away. I never got to see her kind of thing.
Sydney Kent: I think that's what we kind of talked about
Sydney Kent: Kinda, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Race to
Sydney Kent: My, my grandma, my grandpa right and that's you live with now. Right.
Sydney Kent: Now,
Are you close to your brother, you talk to your brother now.
Sydney Kent: That resentment.
How long have you been clean
Sydney Kent: A little over a month.
Sydney Kent: Feeling emotional because of that to me.
Sydney Kent: It's still okay
Shawn Phalen: And you're on Suboxone
Sydney Kent: Yeah yeah i just i just stick my nose and I get. I get emotional until I don't take it.
Sydney Kent: Or even taking it consistently yeah and taking it.
Sydney Kent: Away. She prescribe but she lowered it from A to twice a day to 213 times a day.
Sydney Kent: And that's that's going pretty good.
Sydney Kent: You have any any cravings.
No.
Sydney Kent: That's good.
Sydney Kent: You just have to question
And have you had been yeah okay
Shawn Phalen: When do you talk to the doctor can tell me
Sydney Kent: I think it's just
Sydney Kent: Sometimes the street.
Shawn Phalen: It's okay. I just want to make sure that you're going to see somebody really soon because
Shawn Phalen: Are you on any what other medications are you want again.
Sydney Kent: I'm
Sydney Kent: Just like in general the mental health kind of medication. Yeah.
Sydney Kent: In general, yeah. Um,
Sydney Kent: I shake their oxygen, America is all gathered
Sydney Kent: Seroquel okay
Sydney Kent: Okay.
Sydney Kent: All right, you might need some kind of a net adjustment. You know, I don't know.
Sydney Kent: But I think the thing we need to focus on is getting your mood stabilized. Yeah.
Sydney Kent: Your mood stabilizer and it's gonna be a little bit easier. Like, we can start working on help like helping you identify your feelings and
Sydney Kent: Okay.
You know, like your emotions and why you're feeling the way you're feeling it's going to make it. If we can get the meds, you know, just make sure they're
Sydney Kent: On point
Sydney Kent: Makes it easier for you to be able to talk about some of this stuff because it's hard right now right when you feel
When you're
When you're just
Shawn Phalen: Like I can't have one more person asked me one more question, you know.
Annoying so
Sydney Kent: That's the first thing that we really want to focus on is getting their medications.
Sydney Kent: At least just so she knows what's going on with you. So make sure that you're really describing to her how you're feeling and what your emotions like what's happening throughout the day for you. Okay.
Okay.
So why don't we do this, why don't we schedule another appointment.
And
Do you want to do like two weeks, or do you want to do three
Sydney Kent: I'm two weeks. Yeah, that's good. Okay. When do you have
Sydney Kent: Many groups I have group on a Mondays at seven and then Wednesdays at four, or no, not for what the heck sorry 12
Alright, so you're doing two groups.
Sydney Kent: Yes.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, what, why are you doing it to groups. What groups.
Sydney Kent: I'm doing the mental health and then the DR jamison's group.
Sydney Kent: When Dr jamison's group. It's on Wednesday at noon.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Can we do
Can we do Monday, May for that seven
Sydney Kent: Yes, I can do that.
Okay, any other questions.
Sydney Kent: I can't think of anything right now. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: All right. Hang in there.
Sydney Kent: Okay, thank you.
Sydney Kent: All right.
Sydney Kent: Talk to you soon.
Okay.